('The Walls Could Finally Be Closing in Donald Trump', 'An insider appears to be cooperating against Donald Trump: A Donald Trump insider at Mar-a-Lago appears to be cooperating with prosecutors in the classified documents case against the former president. Reporting\xa0earlier this week stated\xa0that Special Counsel Jack Smith’s probe into the former president’s handling of classified documents at Mar-a-Lago was intensifying, with longtime Trump staffer Matthew Calamari and his son, Matthew Calamari, Jr.,\xa0were both scheduled\xa0Thursday to testify before the grand jury in the case, part of what CNN described as a “new round of grand jury subpoenas.” Now, there’s more big news: It appears that someone within Trump’s orbit at Mar-a-Lago is cooperating with prosecutors, and has provided the special counsel’s office with a picture of the storage room were the relevant documents were kept. According to The New York Times, Smith’s office has “obtained the confidential cooperation of a person who has worked for him at Mar-a-Lago.” That witness’ identity has not been disclosed. The story added that “nearly everyone who works at Mar-a-Lago” has been subpoenaed in the case. The probe is looking to “develop a fuller picture of how the documents Mr. Trump took with him from the White House were stored, who had access to them, how the security camera system at Mar-a-Lago works and what Mr. Trump told aides and his lawyers about what material he had and where it was,” sources told the Times. Smith’s office is looking into whether Trump tried to hide documents after subpoenas were issued at the start of the investigation. The Times story also reported that among the documents sought are records involving Trump’s relationship with LIV Golf, the golf tour that is backed by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund. A Trump spokesperson told the Times that the investigation was “a targeted, politically motivated witch hunt,” which was “concocted to meddle in an election and prevent the American people from returning him to the White House.” The Special Counsel’s office\xa0is also looking into\xa0the election interference case, with recent reporting indicating that Smith’s office is looking specifically at fundraising claims made by Trump’s operation stating that the election was stolen. The Washington Post\xa0reported last month\xa0that Smith’s office “sought a wide range of documents related to fundraising after the 2020 election, looking to determine if former president Donald Trump or his advisers scammed donors by using false claims about voter fraud to raise money.” The New York Times,\xa0around the same time,\xa0reported that prosecutors are “drilling down on whether Mr. Trump and a range of political aides knew that he had lost the race but still raised money off claims that they were fighting widespread fraud in the vote results, according to three people familiar with the matter.” In another Trump legal case, the New York Attorney General’s office is alleging that Trump, the Trump Organization, and the former president’s three oldest children “\xa0failed to turn over emails and other communications,” in connection with the civil fraud suit against them in that state,\xa0Forbes reported. Attorney General Letitia James\xa0wrote a letter to the judge\xa0in the case in late April, also noting an “unexplained drop-off” in emails from Ivanka Trump specifically. The former president’s daughter recently switched attorneys in the case, although her two brothers are still represented by Ivanka’s former lawyers. “AG believes this proposed order is necessary given Defendants’ failure to preserve, collect and produce documents and materials in a timely and transparent fashion. While we have recently begun receiving documents responsive to our discovery demands, Defendants have provided no timeline for the completion of their production, and more concerningly have not answered questions about the custodians, sources and means used to undertake their production,” James wrote in the letter. “For months OAG has been seeking an explanation for gaps in the productions made by the Trump Organization. Many of these issues date back to the underlying investigation that preceded this action and involved the collection and search of devices and databases.” MORE: Kamala Harris Is a Disaster MORE: Joe Biden - Headed For Impeachment? Stephen Silver\xa0is a Senior Editor for 19FortyFive. He is an award-winning journalist, essayist and film critic, who is also a contributor to the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, Broad Street Review and Splice Today. The co-founder of the Philadelphia Film Critics Circle, Stephen lives in suburban Philadelphia with his wife and two sons. Follow him on Twitter at\xa0@StephenSilver. This 19FortyFive article is syndicated to Microsoft through a republishing partnership agreement.', 'Author not found', 'http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/the-walls-could-finally-be-closing-in-donald-trump/ar-AA1aMPgh')
